Fix issue #1234: Add new feature (#15)
ALX-Students-Contribution/ALX_Dark_Mode_Extension: README.md

        Contribute Now!
      </a>
    </td>
 <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/Tosinkuzzy">

>         <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/99524902?v=4" width="100px" alt="Tosinkuzzy" title="Tosinkuzzy" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <img src="paste the url to your avatar here" width="100px" alt="Tosinkuzzy" title="Tosinkuzzy" />
```
You would have to paste the URL to your profile avatar here, so that it displays the right avatar with your name

        <br />
        Tosinkuzzy

>       </a>

Reviewer: 1. The `<td>` cloding tag seems to be missing (Please do add that to avoid redundancy)
2. Instead of adding a new column on the row, we suggest you remove the newly added column and replace you details as the third contributor.

Also please do check out other open issues to find one you could contribute to
